Fixed #34180 -- Added note ref resetting language in test tear-downs. (#16397)
django/django: docs/topics/testing/tools.txt

> More details are in :ref:`how-django-discovers-language-preference`.
> 
> When setting the language for a test client request by either creating a cookie or by including the Accept-Language HTTP header, the Django active language will switch for all other subsequent tests. 
> 
> Fortunately, the default language can be set in the tearDown method::
> 
> 	def tearDown(self):
> 		translation.activate(settings.LANGUAGE_CODE)
> 

Reviewer: Docs should be wrapped at 79 chars. See https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/internals/contributing/writing-code/coding-style/#python-style

I'd rephrase but put it in a callout, before the `More details...` line. 

```suggestion
.. note::

    When using these methods, ensure to reset the active language at the end of
    each test::

        def tearDown(self):
            translation.deactivate()

More details are in :ref:`how-django-discovers-language-preference`.
```
